add doc about definition and template (#1047)
oam-dev/kubevela: docs/en/platform-engineers/definition-and-templates.md

> # Definition and Templates

Reviewer: please add a link into `_sidebar.md`

> This section introduces the basic structure of `Definition` files including `WorkloadDefinition` and `TraitDefinition`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section introduces the basic structure of `Definition` objects including `WorkloadDefinition` and `TraitDefinition`.
```

---

> With help of `Workload Type` and `Trait`, KubeVela enables users to create and extend capabilities easily.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`WorkloadDefinition` and `TraitDefinition` help user to extend capabilities into KubeVela easily.
```

> As the provider and manager of capabilities, platform builders register and extend capabilities through `Definition` files which are also used to expose capabilities by Appfile.

Reviewer: this line can be deleted

> Official documents give three samples showing how to write Definition files.

Reviewer: This is also part of official doc.

```suggestion
In this section, we will tell more about the mechanism of definition object.
If you want to learn how to write Definition files, please refer to:
```

- [OpenFaaS Workload Type](https://kubevela.io/#/en/platform-engineers/workload-type)
- [RDS(Cloud service) Workload Type](https://kubevela.io/#/en/platform-engineers/cloud-services)
- [KubeWatch Trait](https://kubevela.io/#/en/platform-engineers/trait)

> Two tutorials introduce how to write a `Definition` file step by step. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here are two tutorials that introduce how to write a `Definition` file step by step. 
```

It accepts a string as value, e.g., `spec.workloadRef`.  

If this field is assigned a value, KubeVela core will automatically fill the workload reference into target field of the trait. 
Then the trait controller can get the workload reference from the trait latter. 
So this field usually accompanies with the traits whose controllers relying on the workload reference at runtime. 

[Scaler](https://github.com/oam-dev/kubevela/blob/7ee298ba77e2ce0c8cb20e7b7737161a9d4338c9/charts/vela-core/templates/defwithtemplate/manualscale.yaml#L14), a built-in trait, shows a good practice on this field.

## CUE Template Part

CUE template used by Appfile is defined in `.spec.extension` field. 
As a big topic and significant characteristic in KubeVela, more details about CUE template and multiple advanced usages are introduced in a series of articles.

- [CUE Basic](https://github.com/oam-dev/kubevela/blob/master/docs/en/cue/basic.md)
- [Workload Type With CUE](https://github.com/oam-dev/kubevela/blob/master/docs/en/cue/workload-type.md)
- [Using CUE To Extend Trait In Advanced Way](https://github.com/oam-dev/kubevela/blob/master/docs/en/cue/trait.md)

> - [Status Loop Back](https://github.com/oam-dev/kubevela/blob/master/docs/en/cue/status.md)

Reviewer: for all these links, please use relative path
